John Avery is known for his antics he is
clearly not happy with this penalty call
and in the box he decides to show off
his arm and he wasn't done there coz he
also gives the Gatorade bottle of toss
Morpher mainly already serving a penalty
for an altercation with Darcy Tucker
when they leave the sin bin they don't
waste much time before dropping the
gloves and then the joy continues back
in the box the penalty box camera is
often a target some enjoy too covered up
with the towel and others like to bat it
around this is a point apparently
doesn't think too much
camera to the penalty box interview wax
edit and a couple of slashes in an NHL
game between Hershey and Manchester
Hershey's kit Brennan got to a scrap
with a Manchester fan Brennan tore the
fans t-shirt who was later rejected as
Renan was suspended for the rest of the
playoffs
not in trouble the glass has been taken
nation
Oh what happened there one of the fans
came in was that a fan or resent another
player this is getting really ugly an
unfortunate folks and still Qin's junior
hockey and that's just really disgusting
to see
Zork
I've never ever seen that in all the
years I've been around this game 1972
Summit Series game 7 Phil Esposito when
the penalty box had a message for the
Russian player and it doesn't matter if
you speak Russian or English you
understood what Esposito was getting at
Oh Steve Martin
that's all for the game it's nice to see
that they're involving us